Well, good evening family, or good
morning wherever you are. I have some
things on my heart to pray over tonight.
We crawl—we're in the middle of the
forest. Did you not see the deer behind
us?
You're on the green screen. Hey,
somebody sent this to me, by the
way—a
dog,
squirrel.
It's the squirrel. Remember I said
'squirrel'? And it's always when I get
distracted and I see the squirrel. This
is the dog that I was talking about.
Squirrel! 'If you threw a stick, I would
chase it for
you.'And
I thought it was cute.
They sent me a toy. I thought—I told
Guy, I said, 'People are so
funny.'I
laughed and laughed and laughed
because
that's my dog.
'I have just met you and I love
you.'And
they sent that to me for being
funny, I guess
on an important mission for the small
because I get distracted and I say
'squirrel.'But
I thought that was fun that people
are being nice.
Okay,
the hit list is real. And this is so
important that you all know when we're
praying into this and we're praying over
our leaders and our nation. Alex
Jones
has had some kind of intel.
Is this the video?
Yeah,
yes, that's important. That's
why—that's
what I wanted to show.
You wanted one of him in it?
Yes, sir.
He reacts to it.
Yeah. This is what
I wanted you to see right here. Now, I
won't be able to keep this up because
YouTube does not like this man, but I
want you to hear it while we're praying.
I've got a thousand some odd people.
I'll be able to leave it up for a couple
of hours, but I'm going to have to take
it down. That's probably way too much.
But this is what I'm trying to
tell you. Even the price—I saw
$50,000.
Does anybody remember that on October
19th, I was caught up in the spirit
and the Lord showed me a list of names
and I saw four entities being paid major
money? I'm talking—this was funded well
by somebody in particular; it was
big. But as I was praying, I saw
MS13. I saw underground towns. I saw
a
little community, is what
I would call it, communicating on
these
SIM card devices. And the Lord said to
us, 'You must pray. You must pray and
protect your leaders.'Don Jr.
is a target. Alex Jones, Tucker Carlson,
President Trump, and the list goes on
and on.
But as I was seeing, the higher
and
more powerful the
authority of the individual, the greater
the bounty. I saw some of them going
over half a million dollars
for some of them. Like
some of them, the average was 50,000, but
it was on a list and I saw the list. It
was like a 'wanted dead or
alive'—you
know what I'm talking
about?—like
the cowboys. It
was in red writing and the
Lord showed this to us and he said, 'Pray
over Bondi and pray over...'and then he
said, 'I will protect Alex Jones. He will
uncover some things and I will protect
him and his life will be spared and he
will become very vocal like a John the
Baptist, even more than what he already
is in the end for this end-time army.
And I will use Alex Jones. He will have
an experience like a road
to Damascus type of experience.'And the
Lord warned us and told us about
this. And Alex was
more upfront in this than even Tucker
Carlson. Tucker Carlson is more
fade-away
in the background. But the main one
that I really feel
to pray over is even more Don Jr. I told
you it was a list against President
Trump's immediate
family—to
pray for his children and his
grandchildren and his wife and him. It was
just a list to pray for his family
because I saw them trying to come at him
to make him so distracted
that he doesn't want to pursue or go on
anymore because it would make
him want to—because of touching his
family—shrink
back and
clam up, to stop him from proceeding
and going on because he didn't want any
more of his kids to get hurt,
so that it would be a
very, very sad time for
him. And I saw that grieving
hitting him because of losing his son.
So we pray for these people. I didn't
realize they were in bunkers;
something major is happening.
I told you we have a Red Dawn experience
in our nation coming. The enemy within.
The enemy within. The Lord said, 'You
have an enemy within that came over over
the last, over the Biden, Sleepy Joe's
administration, deliberately allowing
these people in our
nation.'And
the Lord warned us and told us, 'You
must pray now. This is very
serious.'And
I said, 'It's not a call
to fear; it's a call to
prayer.'And
everything that I'm telling you, I
really truly believe as we see it, we're
seeing it in the news.
It's not something just I'm over here
flipping, making stuff up.
It's
happening now. It's happening. What the
Lord has warned us about is happening in
the news. We saw it weeks prior, over two
weeks. So I thought it was interesting.
Even the Tomahawk missiles.
The Lord talking to me. He's still
talking to me about these missiles.
Long-range
missiles
from Ukraine going into Moscow, poking
the bear for an acceleration of war.
Then Braden brought it to my attention
today. The United Kingdom said, 'We
will give you these red-tipped
missiles.'And
because I said
they're red. They have red at the tip of
these missiles. They have
red—there's
painted red on these missiles. And I
said it's like Tomahawks.
Well, the United Kingdom today said, 'We
will give you these red
missiles.'It's
from the British, from
England.
Yes.
Do you see it right here?
Britain has supplied Ukraine with
another shipment of Storm Shadow
missiles,
equipping Kyiv for long-range strikes
into Russia this winter.
For long-range strikes into Russia this
winter. So this is what I'm talking
about—what
I saw. Do you see these?
These are red-tipped missiles. What I said,
they're red tips. Well, I still believe
they're Tomahawks. But this
goes along with what I saw:
long-range
strikes into the winter. Well, what did
I tell you Poland was wearing? I said
they're wearing snow gear.
They had these little
Fudd-looking
hats on covering their ears and
they were running with
guns—with
AR-15s, you know,
like assault-style, and they were running
towards something and it was snow on the
ground. But this is when I saw Romania
and these other nations that would be
involved. Then last night I saw four
horsemen of Apocalypse
when I was praying and I saw Germany
and
Berlin. I saw them making human
sacrifices with these virgin girls,
trafficking,
trying to summon up that Hitler spirit,
the Antichrist Hitler spirit. They were
doing satanic rituals. And
when I saw this, I saw the thing
that they were using—and I'm not going
to get into it because it was very dark.
What I saw was very satanic.
But as I saw this, the Lord said, 'Watch
the Olympics,
the opening ceremony.'There's more to
this. And then he said, 'Why do they
pick the spots they pick?'There's more
to this. Why is CERN built in that area?
There are portals. There are things in
the spirit concerning the demonic,
concerning this summoning up war,
summoning
up to bring forth the
Mahdi.
And then that was what the Lord
was showing us last night. And then I
saw the Vatican and the Lord said,
'Watch Pope Leo
concerning the Olympics. Watch this time
frame going in the next 3 months
on February the 3rd of 2026.
That's when the Olympics starts. So we
have a window here because today is the
third,
three months, which is so amazing
that the Lord would start talking about
it last night, wouldn't it? The time
frame of praying into this
and
showing us that this is an
acceleration of end-times events
because then I saw
the demonic spirits all at attention, and
this was in the great Apollyon, that
demonic devil that comes up out of the
pit and creates war upon the earth and
all that. He was spinning.
He was spinning and going around
Europe, and all of a sudden he came
to
a standstill and started looking. He
knew there was something different. All
the devils in hell know—all the demonic
principalities—all
of them know that Jesus
Christ is coming. And they were standing
at attention, looking at this bright
light. I saw them in the castles in
Romania. I could see them in all
the places where they've been hanging
out in these castles—you know, these
demonic spirits. You
call them haunting, but they're not
haunting; it's just demonic stuff. And
they were all at attention, looking at
the glory. They knew. Then I said,
"Lord, what am I
seeing?"He
said, "Every knee will bow and every
tongue will confess that
I am Lord."And I saw at that time
what they were all looking at was the
coming of our King.
They knew. They know. And that's when
the Lord used the scripture. He said
that Satan knows his time is short.
You read that scripture again, Love:
Revelation.
"Therefore rejoice, ye
heavens, and ye that dwell in them. Woe
to the inhabiters of the earth and of
the sea! For the devil is come down unto
you, having great wrath, because he
knoweth that he hath but a short
time."That's
it.
Praise God.
It's amazing, babe. We
are right there in this
timeframe,
y'all. He knows his time is
short, just like what you're reading.
Revelation, it's time to get excited
about our King coming, folks. It's
time to have anticipation
and knowing that Jesus is coming. And
even the devils in hell know that their
time is short. The devil himself knows
his time is short. And that's what they
were looking at. That Apollyon was
looking. He knew. He knows. They all
know. And the Lord—I thought it
was interesting that the Lord said it.
He's pinpointing what they're
trying to do to summon up evil
by CERN, by sacrifice, by satanic
things, trying to summon up things. And
people said, "Brandon, what you
saw—what
they were using—was it the
spear? What was it called?"They emailed us and said, "Is it the spear that Hitler tried to get? He got a hold of it and they brought it back to Austria.
It was a spear, and
it was some kind
of thing they said pierced the
Lord's
side."No,
this was not what I was looking at in
the spirit. This was some kind of black
rock.
"The Spear of
Destiny."I
wasn't looking
at it; it wasn't the Spear of Destiny they
were using. That's probably in a museum
somewhere. I don't think they're going
to let them use that for satanic
sacrifice. But I don't
know—who
knows with these people? But I
didn't see that. I saw it was some
kind of rock, some kind of
demonic-looking
stone. You know, folks, I
don't focus on the devil. I don't focus
on what he's doing. Who cares? He's a
loser. This is almost over. We're
wrapping this thing up. Jesus Christ is
coming. But I want you to have your eyes
more open. It's time for the church to
wake up. If they and the demonic are at
that kind of attention, how much more
should you be alert? How much more
should you be watching for the coming of
our Lord Jesus Christ? If the devils in
hell know there's something different as
of the 23rd of September, from Rosh Hashanah
to Rosh Hashanah,
things are starting to
accelerate. The Lord said to me,
"Brandon, this is the point of no
return."Why?
Where are we at with the signs of
the times of the coming of the Lord
Jesus Christ? He said, "Watch this. The
birthing pains will be at the point of
no return. You're at the waterfall edge.
Jesus is coming."Do you understand,
ladies and gentlemen? I tell
you this every single time to tell you
it's time for you to wake up. The ark is
closing. Things are accelerating. Even
the devils in hell—it even says in
Revelation that even Satan knows that
his time is short. And the Lord was
showing us that last night, that
scripture in a vision, showing me that
they knew. They could see the glory. They
could see Him coming. It's
happening in the realm of the spirit.
The light—the Lord said there's
a shift. Do you not see it? They
know
it's not status quo.
Things are different in the spirit
realm. And out of all these thousands of
years, they know; they can see it; they
can sense it. They can sense it.
Something is about to happen.
And all I know is that I'm looking
for it. My eyes are to the skies. I'm
looking for my Jesus. And I know that it
may be three years; it may be tomorrow.
I don't know. All I know in my spirit is
I believe we have a major revival. I
believe we're going to see a major
harvest of souls. We're going to see the
blind eyes open, the deaf ears open.
We're going to see limbs grow back.
That's what I
believe we're going to see. Now, if
we go home tomorrow, then praise
God. I'm not going to complain
and
go, "Lord, why'd you come
back? I thought we were going to
do..."We're
just excited that
Jesus is coming. But I know in my spirit
that we have a little work to do, and
we're going to bring in
this harvest. And the enemy knows,
and he's doing everything he can
to get people distracted
and get you preoccupied with
life, preoccupied with fear, preoccupied
with worry—whatever he can do to keep
your eyes off of Him.
And I want you to get really radical
about Jesus and what He's about to do.
He said, "It's all hands on
deck."He
said, "It's all hands on
deck."And
I'll keep saying that over and over
again. And people
said, "Hey, did you see Brad
Garlinghouse with
his...?"You
don't have to play
it. He said about the flip of the
switch. It was exactly what it kind of
went along with. It's not financial
advice. I don't know. I'm just telling
you what people are bringing
to us about the flipping of the switch.
And I saw the power poles last
night. I told you I saw power cords
going to these doors, and they were
dark and blacked out, and they just
needed the power to go to them and flip
the switch.
There is a blockage, and the Lord said
pray into those doors. There are four major
financial
doors—four
major financial doors that they're
going to get power to, and it'll be
the
flipping of a switch. He said, "Pray
into that."So, I see these doors. I see
what the Lord is saying to me. And I see
there are
certain investments, certain things
that the Lord is going to do to bring
forth the wealth
transfer that we're all believing for.
And then that man brings up the switch.
Not saying he's the
avenue, not saying it because I'm not a
financial adviser, but I'm trying to say
it's just interesting his verbiage.
I
thought his verbiage was kind of
interesting. You know, he's talking
about flipping a switch. I was like,
"Wow, let's turn this sucker
on."I
was like, "Let's do it. Let's do
it."To
me
personally, I'm just believing God
for my own family. You know, it's a kind
of exciting verbiage. I watch people and
I go, "Is that a cue? Is that a
clue? Do you want me to pray into
it?"I
don't want to always
assume anything. And I don't want
people to get
on spiritual weirdness. You can go, "Oh,
it's this; it's that."Stay grounded.
Don't get weird. Don't get
spiritually
flaky and get all in the clouds and
be strange.
Stay in the Word.
The
Word
of God keeps you grounded.
Stay in the Word; it keeps you
grounded, baby.
Don't get off in
weirdness.
There's a lot of spiritual
charismatic flakiness,
and I don't want to be a part of
it. I've seen it.
There is spirit
and there is Word, and if there's too much
spirit, you blow up.
If you have too much word,
you blow up. If you don't have enough
spirit, you dry up. You've got to have the
word and the spirit.
I
hope I did that right, but
you've
got to have a
balance. It's an equilibrium:
making sure that you stay grounded, you
have
the word, you have the spirit,
and you keep things flowing. I
talked too much; Braden told
me 25 minutes. All right, so we're going to
pray and seek
the Lord together and see what He has
for all of you that are not night owls
like us.
I know you go to sleep early. I
told the Lord, "Man, this is
when it gets good."The spirit
realm—I've
learned from 2:00 to
around 4:00 in the morning is
prime time. It's amazing.
Any other time of the day is good, but
there is a Holy Ghost flow at
night.
I was watching somebody
special; they were talking about why
in the old days they would
have two times of sleep. They
would sleep from 6:00 at night to about
11:00,
wake up, have another little meal, pray
until they call it the second watch
or something. I was watching it and I was
like, "Get out of here!"They would
have the candles and they
would pray, and they said this was how
culture was back then. They would
have a little meal and they would put
the firewood on the
fireplace and stay up from
11:00
to about 2:00 or 3:00 and then
they would go back to bed. I thought
they knew something.
It was some people in the Dark
Ages. I was just like, you know,
when we got modern electricity, we don't
do stuff like that anymore because we
have lights. But I
thought, isn't that an interesting culture? Here
I
go
talking
again.
Squirrel!
Father, I just thank You
for the body. I thank You,
Father, for all that You've done and all
that You've yet to do. We'll pray
and we'll seek You. Father, whatever
You have for us, I'm so
thankful.
I'm so grateful
that we can spend time with You.
We seek You, Lord, and we'll find
You. We'll knock and the door will be
opened unto us. Father, I thank You,
Lord, for Your body that was broken for
us and that we are healed by Your
stripes.
We don't have to have sickness in our
body anymore, Lord, because Galatians
says that Christ has redeemed us
from the curse of the law. We take
this body in the name of Jesus, and we
give You all the glory, honor, and
praise for all that You've already done.
We're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost
healed and whole and well by Your blood,
by the wounds on Your back.
Thank You, Father, in
Jesus'name.
Lord, we take the blood and we
make much of the blood, and the blood
makes much of us. Father, I thank
You for the blood right now. I cover my
wife, my children,
our finances, our
house, and our
car—everything,
Father, everything You bless us with.
Father, we plead the blood of Jesus over
us. I thank You that we're
always in the right place at the right
time. We apply the blood over our sins,
our minds, our
wills, and our emotions. We thank You,
Father, that we are prosperous in every
way possible: spirit, soul, and body.
Beloved, I wish above all things that
you prosper and
be in health, even
as your soul prospers. We believe,
Father, that we walk in that divine
blessing.
As He is, so are we in this world, Lord.
We take this right now in the mighty
name of Jesus. We thank You, Father,
for this is the meal that heals.
You're a good God, and You love us so
much and You've provided so much for us in
Jesus'name.
Amen.
See how it's different even than last
time? I tried to
tell Dina, we aren't religious up in
here;
we're just relationship.
I just want Him to come and visit me.
I look for Him every day,
and I find Him. Even today,
when we were out there in the
garage
cleaning and doing
things, He started speaking about the
end times to us,
having impartation with His love
and His fellowship,
talking about end-time stuff, the
healings, and the manifestations of the
glory.
I cherish those moments,
don't you?
Nothing else matters to me.
I thought if
you had to start over, you'd do the same
thing: seek
Him.
Everything else He always provides. He
always takes care of His people. If
you're doing right and
you're sowing into good ground and you're
doing the word and apply the word and
do what the word says to do,
you'll lack no good thing.
Everything else falls in place.
It's when you get off in
left field and you think you're on the
right road and you keep doing the same
thing expecting different results.
I learned if you
don't see results within six
months to a quarter of a year, stop
doing it.
Apply pressure somewhere else; practice,
and
you'll start to see a change.
A cruise ship takes a while
to change course because it's such a
big boat, but you instantaneously start
to see it change. Even if you don't see
the full manifestation of a turnaround,
you still see change.
You can feel it in the spirit.
We're on the right road.
You have an inward
knowing. Be sensitive to what the Spirit
of God is telling you to do.
Even if you get off track, He
said—I'm
trying to find the right
scripture—'You're
not big enough to mess your
life
up.'He
said, "No, you're not big enough
to mess your life up,
Braden,"because
the footsteps of the righteous
are ordered of the Lord.
As
long as you're upright and in right
standing with Me, if you're
seeking Me, the footsteps of the
righteous are ordered of the Lord
regardless. You can't mess your life
up even if you tried.
I mean, you
can be stupid,
but you can turn
it around. That was
all about Megan when I said, "Man,
what are we ever going to
do? How are we ever going to fix
this?"I
said, "Lord, I'm seeking You,
and You're going to turn
what the devil meant for bad
around for
good."I
just believe that's where we are
in
these end times.
Pray.
Yep.
I'm so full, baby.
It's like
poking a sponge; I'm going to
dump. It's what happens every
time. I go because I'm full.
I stay full.
Father, we just
thank You.
We
praise You and we lift up this time
of prayer.
Whatever You want us to do, we'll
do it. However You want us to pray,
we'll pray.
We open the eyes of our heart, Lord.
We seek You and we find You. We'll knock
and the door will be opened unto us.
Father, there are so many things going on
right now in the world,
but I'm just going to follow Your
Spirit. You lead, I follow.
You lead, I follow.
And Father, we just worship you.
Oh Lord,
you're beautiful.
Your face
is all
I seek.
And when
your eyes
are on
this child,
your grace
abounds
to me.
Oh Lord,
you're beautiful.
Your face
is all
I
seek.
I'm seeing something.
Isn't that amazing? All right, cool.
It starts to shift the
atmosphere.
It's worship.
It's worship
in the presence
of Jehovah
God Almighty,
Prince of Peace.
Troubles
vanish,
hearts are mended
in the presence
of the king.
In the presence
of
Jehovah,
God Almighty,
Prince of Peace.
I see three
I-Atlas.
It's glowing.
I don't know why I'm seeing this rock.
It's traveling, but it's gotten
brighter
than the visions I've seen before.
Why are so many focused on this?
What is it about this?
Something is coming.
That's what I heard. 'Something is
coming, son.
Something is
coming.'And
this is not an alien.
There's no such thing as aliens. It's
demonic spirits.
But what you're about to see is what
Oral Roberts saw
in 2004, called the wakeup call.
For it will be a wake up to
the church,
a wake up to the world,
a sign of the second coming of the Lord
Jesus Christ.
It's time for preachers
to preach fire back in the pulpits,
to preach repentance back in the
pulpits.
For there will be a sign in the heavens.
There will be a sign throughout the
earth
daily.
Remember this
word
over 20 years ago.
He saw it. Timing was not right.
You know, whenever you're
seeing
over in the spirit, it looks like it's
right in front of your face.
That's what the Lord
said—that
things look like they're right in
front of your face,
but you're looking in decades.
But there's something coming.
And most of the government knows that it's coming,
and it's not
conspiracy. No,
it's not.
But that's what the Spirit of the Lord
just said. He said, 'This is not
conspiracy.
It's a sign of the second coming of the
Lord Jesus Christ.'It's
awakening
the world.
You have that clip of Oral Roberts? It was a
short.
It's on the Word Channel.
You can play it. This is it.
Yep, that's it.
Just play it. I feel the Holy Ghost so
strong.
It's welling in my belly.
Then I saw with my eyes something I'd
never seen.
Suddenly
in the clouds in the skies
above New York City and the east part of
the United
States—which
hung there for quite some time
and then spread out across America
without touching the
ground—and
then God diffused it away from
America and sent it out to the nations
of the earth.
And I saw
and I heard.
I saw something coming down from above.
Smoke and vapor
and blood. Or it looked like that to my
spiritual eyes.
There it was hanging so huge until it
almost blotted out the sky.
Instantly I thought about
9/11
when the terrorists attacked the Twin
Towers.
First I saw this thing
hovering
and great changes coming in it to where
I couldn't miss it. And then I heard
something.
It reminded me of what a friend of
mine had said when the first space
capsule
was released into the sky.
He was a newsman in New York City. They told
them to
be a half mile or more away
from the capsule.
And he said when that thing lifted off
the earth, there was a sound,
and the sound itself moved the weeds and
the growth. He said it penetrated
my body. As I talked to others,
they felt the same thing. He said the
sound was so enormous that nothing had
ever happened like it in the history of
the world. Instantly I thought of that
because the sound that was coming
into my ears was penetrating my whole
being.
And then I heard God's voice.
He said, 'I'm making a
sign.'This
is a sign according to the second
chapter of Acts where the Apostle Peter,
upon the giving of
the Holy Spirit, the baptism of the Holy
Spirit,
said, 'There'll be signs
in
the
skies.'He
said, 'This is one of the
signs of the end time because
the world is not ready for the second
coming of my son.'They are coming to
church on Sunday morning mostly for
themselves.
And the preachers, for the most part, are
not really concerned about the nations
of the earth. They're concerned about
the little group that is there, and they
sing their songs and they get up
and preach. When 9/11 struck,
there was a fear that came
into the hearts even of my people, of
the church and of people outside the
church, and millions the following Sunday
rushed
to go to church.
But the preachers were not
prepared, and most of them didn't even
preach on it and didn't even talk about
it being the sign of something that's
coming
hundreds of thousands of times bigger.
He said when those planes of the
terrorists struck the Twin Towers in New
York City and they gradually came
tumbling down,
it was something bigger than people had
ever seen, but it's
nothing in comparison to what's going to
happen in the second coming of my son.
And so he said, 'My church was not
prepared to deal with that.'And people
came to church and then nothing much
happened, and they dropped back, and many
of them went back to their bars.
There's a sign coming.
We're going to pray into that now.
It's heavy in my stomach and it's
burning like fire.
A sign for the unbeliever
is coming.
It's time to get
on the boat.
I've warned and warned and warned.
Within a 24-hour period, everything
would change. Everything is going to
change. And within a 24-hour period, the
way you live life, everything is going
to change.
Where there'll be signs in the heavens,
there'll be signs in the earth. There'll
be signs in your politics. There'll be
signs in your finances. And there'll be
signs in your church.
This
is
the
beginning
of
sorrows.
He's talking about
the sorrows.
The
labor
pains upon a woman. So will it be.
And it
will silence the scoffers.
They will all know
a sign of the second
coming of the Lord Jesus Christ. The
birthing pains.
He's doing it out of mercy.
He will do this out of love.
And the church bells will ring.
You'll see people—remember 9/11, how
they all ran to church.
It was the way to Charlie
Kirk.
They ran to church. But when you
see these signs, they will run. But what
will they get when these signs
come?
You must stay filled, for they're coming
in hot. You must stay filled, my
harvesters,
for the harvest is plentiful and the
laborers
are few. For you must stay
filled.
For they're coming within a day.
From shore to shore, they're coming
in.
I see Hollywood. I
see deep blue states.
I see the
scoffers even in the red states.
You'll see scoffers and mockers. 'Where
is the coming of the
Lord?'But
this is his mercy and
his grace. One last push. One last call.
It's going to
shake the world. Play it one
more time.
Repeat
it again. I can hear it again.
I heard God's voice.
He said, 'I'm making a sign.
This is a sign according to the second
chapter of Acts where the Apostle Peter,
upon the giving of
the Holy Spirit, the baptism of the Holy
Spirit,
said there'll be signs
in
the
skies.'He
said, 'This is one of the signs of the
end time because
the world is not ready for the second
coming of my
son.'He
said, "My church is not ready for the
coming of my son."He said, "The
Jews with whom I've had the covenant for
thousands of years, they're not ready
for the second coming of my
son."He
said, "The nations of the earth are not
ready for the second coming of my
son."And
then I
heard God's voice.
He said, "I'm making a
sign."This
is a sign according to the second.
He's going to make a sign.
It's so loud in me, son. You hear me,
babe? I hear it so loud. There's a major
event
about to
take place.
Fearful sights
that you will see that will bring you to
your knee. It's going to be a sign
of the coming of the
Lord Jesus Christ is at hand. The devils
in hell know it.
This is the theme tonight. You need to
understand what the Lord is trying to
tell you. Revelation what?
Revelation?
Read it one more time, love.
Revelation.
Satan knows.
He knows.
I had a clock drop in my mouth. Sorry,
you're good.
Okay. Therefore, rejoice
ye heavens, and ye that dwell in them.
Woe to the inhabiters of the earth and
of the sea. For the devil is come down
unto you, having great wrath, because he
knoweth that he hath but a short time.
It's coming to that time. I know he's
talking about tribulation,
but he knows when
we're getting close. He knows
we have but a short time. Yes, he's
coming in wrath. And this is tribulation
that we're talking about. Well, Brandon,
you're quoting tribulation. I know. But
he knows when we're
getting—there's
something different.
Something's changing.
And they know the pressure. That's why
I'm telling you, you're going to start
to see things you never thought you
would see.
The birthing as labor pains, they're
increasing.
And the Lord Jesus Christ is coming. And
we're going to have a major harvest of
souls.
The glorious church without spot or
wrinkle is rising up.
It's going to be a shaking
to awaken.
I know people are talking about 2026,
2027, 2028. I've seen into it. 2029, 30,
31, all this time. I just know
that we're not done with 2025 yet.
We've got this little bit of window of
two months. There's still more to
happen.
How do we close out this year? What is
the flash? What are these things I'm
seeing? Acceleration of war.
We're praying into it with Venezuela
and they say the drug cartels and the
politics and the things
are going on. We got people hiding in
bunkers. What is happening? Why?
What's going on?
We must open our eyes and be more
vigilant about what's happening and be
watchmen and watch women looking at our
horizon. There's much more there. We
must pray for our president's
protection. We must pray and intercede
for his life. He must live long and
finish strong and finish what God has
called him to do, that there's no one
that's able to harm him with any kind of
plan, plot, or pursuit, his health, all
of it, with his kids.
We're wrapping
this thing up. The Lord said, "I'm
giving you a three and a half year
window. What will you do now? It's three
years and two months. What will you do
with this time frame?"He said, "Will
you go back into sleep? Oh, church, what
will you do?
I've given you this
time."And
I said, most people look at midterms
as it's just a year away. Well, it's
a year away tomorrow.
Now,
what the Lord showed me was a
stalemate government. I saw
losing the Senate and keeping the
House. And the Lord said, "You're going
to lose governors if
you don't pray
now."Go
ahead and put that on there.
The Lord said if you don't
start praying now, if you don't start
interceding now, you'll lose
midterms.
You cannot wait until this time next
year and say, "Well, we better
pray."I
saw Oklahoma even being divided.
I saw Texas with borders all around
them, not wanting to secede from
the United States, wanting to
have their own country like we're
not going to go this way.
Secede.
I saw people very upset with Gavin
and I saw a red wave trying to
come over California with people upset
saying, "Listen, we're taking back our
state."So,
we must pray ahead of time. I
know we have a year, we'll pray into it
a lot over the next year, but I
have such an urgency to tell you we must
keep
even more of a majority in the Senate
and in the House to pass forth
legislation to get the job done that
needs to be done so that we have all the
things that we need.
We have a far-left thinking and we have
the far-right thinking and the left is
so divided; to even get
anything passed is going to take a
miracle
because they said they need seven more
votes in some of this stuff and
that's what you will pray into. I
didn't know this until I started going,
"Wow, I'm getting
educated."For
a great shaking to awaken. You will
see—we
got to pray over New York. I see New
York is highlighted before me.
I see the power grid going down again. I
see the buildings being lit up by
generators from outside with spotlights
on them.
I just saw a glimpse of it again. I saw
complete darkness in parts of New
York. A complete power grid scenario.
Go back to David Wilkerson's words.
He said, "Go back to the
warnings I gave him.
Go back to the
warnings."I
see people leaving New York by the
droves.
A mass
migration.
I see rioting. I see burning of
buildings.
It looks like some kind of bad movie.
I see fires on the buildings. I see
fires in cars.
I see people with riot gear. I see
people with masks on. They're dressed in
solid black.
They've got black outfits on, black
hoodies, black
masks.
I see the riot
police control shields and they
have batons in their hands.
I see them hitting people.
They're throwing
Molotov
cocktails.
These crowds are throwing this and
they're throwing fireworks
there. There's actually smoke
gas everywhere.
I hear a family say, "It's not safe here
anymore. We must
go."I
hear a
woman talking to her husband. I see they
have children. They have a nice
home
on a street
with
beautiful trees.
It looks like those
old houses that are in San
Francisco.
And
she said, "It's not safe here anymore. We
must
go."Great
change is coming to New York.
You'll get what you ask for, but it's
not what you thought.
You have been deceived.
A police state
because they're trying to keep law and
order.
People are
acting a fool. They're just
doing their job.
The NYPD, they're just
trying to do their job.
I see fire hoses spraying
people, knocking them
down, putting out the fires, the
cocktails.
Spraying them.
No more.
And this will be in Chicago as well.
I see major
uprising in these
cities.
It's planned and paid for.
They're paid
demonstrators. This is a paid plan.
Seattle.
Seattle
and this will be ICE is growing, and
you'll see more
of this going on. I see
the ICE is going to grow.
ICE will grow. I hear this: ICE is going
to grow.
They'll have more people helping;
it's a movement.
I hear a movement,
an uprising within
an
uprising within Chicago, Boston, New
York,
Philadelphia,
Seattle,
Houston,
and
Miami
are
highlighted before me.
There's more,
but there's gang infestations,
MS-13 gang infestations.
The
Lord said, 'Just focus for a
second.'He
wants to show me something.
He said, 'I want to show you
something.'I
yield, Lord. I yield.
The men that are in these gangs
are attached to the
enemy within.
They network together:
the men with the enemy within,
with the invasion of the
Trojan
horse—I
know it's not a gift,
but I'm trying to say these
people are the Red Dawn experience
in our country.
This is not terrorists; this is
a foreign country.
I see them networking all
together. There's money here;
they fund each other. These people fund
these people.
This is all funded through
the drug cartel,
but it's a foreign country.
We're talking tens of millions of
dollars,
and
they're underground.
They have secret places,
and it even extends into crime families.
And the Lord says, 'You
must pray for wisdom, for there are rats
within the department, a covering over
your nation.'You will need
a covering over your nation. You will
need
to
pray
for
wisdom over President Trump to
have discernment of who is for him and
who
is
against him,
for there is an enemy within.
They'll catch them; they already know
about some of them.
Never mind.
The Lord said, 'Take it this direction
now and get away from this
quickly.'Pray
over our nation's
holiday travel:
Christmas, Thanksgiving, New Year's.
Pray
over our mass airways,
our air, and our
baggage.
Pray over your baggage
for the TSA.
We need that government funding for the
employees. We need all
the people back to work
before holiday travel,
scanning for the Thanksgiving
season,
scanning the bags
and all of the devices.
Praying over our airways,
our mass transit
subways,
and
how people travel
during this holiday season.
We have three weeks;
they must release the government.
We must have our TSA and
airlines;
we need them all back to work.
This is
national security.
We don't want any
open doors,
but this is very serious.
I'm seeing something very, very serious.
You must pray
going into Black Friday,
going into cyber time. This is a
very important
time:
the tree lighting
at Rockefeller,
praying over these tree
lightings,
the parade,
and
mass gatherings
for the Christmas season,
praying over New Year's Eve.
That's praying over
everything.
Thank you, Father.
Praying over our president at
Mar-a-Lago.
Mar-a-Lago
for parties,
over Don Jr. at the parties.
We thank you, Father, that you protect
these families
during
holiday celebrations.
I
don't call them holidays because it's
Christmas, but I'm talking about any
party that has to do
with
Thanksgiving,
Christmas,
or
New Year's Eve. I'm not
being liberal; I'm trying to say the
holidays, all of them—praying over
every major event because there's a lot
of them. But it's all about
Christmas up in here.
But you need to understand it's
all of
those
events, major parties. There are a lot of
get-togethers, a lot of
families
having people over. Probably in
politics, I don't know what kind of
parties they have, but I'm sure they
have some because I'm seeing them at
Mar-a-Lago
in particular.
I just thank you, Lord, that your angels
are big enough.
Father, I'm not worried; I just
know that you have angels to watch over
my president from the top of his head to
the soles of his feet, over his
children, his grandchildren,
his marriage, his wife, over JD
Vance, his wife, and their
children. We pray for protection around
our Supreme Court judges,
our law enforcement, our
Homeland Security, and the FBI. I thank
you, Father, over our ICE agents, all of
them. We thank you, Lord, for divine
protection over every single one of them
during this season, over the
Thanksgiving travel.
We call our government to
open for Chuck Schumer and them to stop
this—that
they'll all stop
being RINOs and they'll get this done.
The people will get their paychecks,
our government will open,
and people will not be put at risk for
their luggage.
I see a black bag in particular, and
I'll just call it out: it looks
like a carry-on. They say, 'Well,
there's millions of them,
Brandon,'but
I see this black bag—it's a carry-on. Inside of this bag
is something
about two feet by three
feet,
by one or two
feet.
It looks like a
carry-on, and it's
highlighted to me.
It looks like an average carry-on bag,
but
what's inside of it is wrapped
and
camouflaged.
They have
practiced,
and how they have practiced is with some
kind
of—I
can't say it. The Lord said, 'Be
still.'If
it works
this way, it will work with everything
else.
Nothing that they will try to
hide will
work.
You have some very smart people with
some very evil minds.
This is not
terrorists.
Watch Cuba.
Watch the mules.
Watch the people.
Remember the Kennedy curse;
they try to bring this on
Trump.
Remember
old alliances from the 1960s during the
Cuban missile crisis.
Thank you, Lord, for your hand on us
and
for our nation.
Concerning—Lord,
do not say that.
I'm trying to figure out how to stay
around this now, and I've
got to just back away and go
around; we'll pray some other way
now.
It's just good to
avert this for right now today. There
are
6,400 people on here, and
it's live and
it's too much.
I see way too much on that part to bring
that public right now.
But all I know is that my God is able
to protect people
and he is able to watch over our people.
I'll figure out praying over this
tonight; I'll be able to learn how to
communicate better. You
just don't want to say too much to
tip off anything or say too much too
quickly because
it's just stupid on my part.
Father, I just thank you, Lord, for
Alex Jones.
I just praise you, Father, that you
protect this man
as he comes out of grocery stores,
goes into
town, or gets gas in his
car. I thank you,
Lord, that you protect him and that he
doesn't walk in fear, but in
wisdom. Father, I thank you that a still
small voice would speak to him,
showing
him where he's at and who's
around him, protecting him
coming in and out. Watch over this
man so that no weapon formed against him
would prosper, or his wife,
his
kids, or anything. I thank you, Lord,
that even his family would not be used
as ransom;
they'll be protected.
I thank you, Father, that there's angels
watching over Alex Jones and
Tucker Carlson. I thank you, Father,
over Charlie Kirk's wife
and
Candace Owens.
We pray over Candace Owens
and
these people that they have divine
protection over them
and over me.
Thank you, Father, for protecting me
and
my family.
But you expose the enemy within: the
rats in the Pentagon, the rats in the
FBI, the rats in the CIA, and the rats
in Homeland Security. You expose
these rats
and you bring them
to justice. Father, I thank you, Lord,
for
how sly they think they are to leak
this information to do what I see them
doing.
They'll get caught in the
noose. Father,
I thank you that you surround them.
No matter
how careful they try to
be
with burner
phones—they
communicate with these SIM card
things—there's
more.
I said that how many times?
One,
two, three.
There's more. It
is
a mass plan
all in the same day
to create great confusion
in every single way,
to slow down the response
and cause mass casualties.
I plead the blood
all the way through California
and underground trails,
all the way through Las
Vegas.
I see Las Vegas, Los Angeles.
There
are
four
points
from sea to sea.
It's so important that you all take
authority every day before you go to
work. It's so important that you pray
over your family before they go to
school.
Do not forsake one day. For what I am
seeing
on subways,
you pray. I'm not telling you to be
afraid or to
not do things, but be wise and pray
over your families before you do
anything,
saying,
'Father, lead
me.'It's
so important in this hour right now
for what I'm seeing.
Boston is highlighted to me right now.
Pennsylvania and Philadelphia
are
highlighted to me right now.
Philadelphia,
along with New York. Do you
understand? Why is it always way up
Northeast?
They're planning something bigger than
what you know.
We thank you, Father, that
all hidden things be revealed
for our great nation.
Thank you, Father, that it's one
nation under God. There are so
many believers here that pray
for
protection over our nation. You
uncovered it once in Michigan, and
Father, if you did it once, you'll
do it a lot
more times. Michigan was done, right?
We thank you, Lord,
that one will lead to many
because all we need is one of
them to squeal and say, 'Listen, this is a
network.'We
just need
a
squealer.
Tell us more what you know.
I thank you, Lord, that you put the
fear of God in them so they will tell
all they know
from the underground chatter across this
great nation and over Europe. Now I see it
in France
and
England. This is extended with
tentacles.
It's in France
and
England.
It's not as organized,
but anything that is an American
ally
to bring forth the
Mahdi
crippling of the eagle within to get to
Israel.
I'm just going to pray in the spirit for
a little bit. You can
go if you want to. If anyone
says, 'Brendan,
the video's too long,'I go
until the Holy Spirit leads me to stop.
But this is a time if you want to leave,
you can leave. It's an hour
and 36 minutes. I told you I'd go an
hour and 30 minutes for
those
who are scheduled, but the
Lord is leading me to still pray. So
I'm going to finish what God has called
me to do. I prayed at the
beginning for you, but
I'm still praying and there's something
more concerning Hawaii.
This
is
interesting,
even striking, in Honolulu
because it's a flex.
'See, we
control things even way out
here.'It's
a flex.
We've infiltrated so much that you don't
even realize it's way out here.
I see
one man;
he's the leader.
It's
about a flex,
like
bragging rights.
It's like
pompous,
so much arrogance. They're so angry about
the United States of America.
They'll
hear it in the news. I've
got to
go deep in this for a
while,
y'all.
It's on
Monday.
All that's highlighted before me
is
the man that has
the
flowers
on
his
necklace—the
man by the beach. Right there in that area. The man that has the flowers on
his necklace
is a statue.
They're
scoping out the area.
It's already been planned; it's plotted.
It's happening on the same day. It's a
flex.
There's this man and he's
over some more.
It's in that area. It looks like
a rich, beautiful area.
He's not as bold, but he
likes it where he's at.
Who would not?
I see his art. He
is
paid within, but
he is the one that's the
more nuttier one. He's crazy,
full of the devil.
But the ones out here, I can't make them
out too well. There's a group of
men behind him.
This
man is not going to try to flee.
There's nowhere to run.
He
knows
it's a jihad.
That's why the Lord said he likes it
there. These
are
strategic things I'm
catching
for prayer cues
concerning this man, because
it's the end of him.
You can't get on a plane and fly out
once you do this. He
knows this is it. He's in the middle
of an island, in the middle of the
water.
In his mind, he's
become
accustomed to the life and
he's liking it. I see this man
has changed his heart, but
a demon within him is driving him.
He's being funded;
I see
money sustaining him
because it's a flex. That's why
he's
kamikaze.
They know this guy has a
screw loose.
Catch him, Lord. Bring him in, in Hawaii.
Let it be on the news. Catch this man
and the two people behind him. Catch
them.
Let him slip up.
Bring him
in.
It's with a car,
like
they did in Europe
where
they run into people,
kind of like the man in New Orleans.
Let
all hidden things be revealed and
exposed.
Let the neighbors see it.
Father, I thank
you that law enforcement will not be
so politically correct, and they'll
check up on this because I see it
being
so politically correct.
I see the police force there; I see
this individual. Well, they've been
warned. They're telling them,
but
we don't want to.
We can't do that.
That's profiling.
We call
it out. We call it to be exposed in
Jesus'name.
There's so many other places we could
hit right now. But it's interesting
because I see this area and the Lord
said, 'Brian, it's
infiltrated all your land in your
mainland.'And
I'm like, 'Yeah,
so many prayers, so many things,
so much time spent at His
feet.
Thank you, Lord, that we expose the
darkness in our nation and You protect
President Trump.
You protect his family. You protect our
Homeland Security. You protect us,
Father, as a nation.
Thank you, Father,
for this beautiful
Thanksgiving-Christmas
holiday season.
Thank you, Father, that we give You
thanks for our nation and where we are
this year for
the things that You've stopped
and the things that You continue to do
to protect us. Father, Your hand is on
this nation to watch over us, and we
give You the glory, honor, and praise
for it,
for shakings to awaken over our
earthquakes.
See, we've had a
lull,
and it's about to tick up again. Major
shakings of earthquakes again.
Major, like what we saw out there by the
Oregon coastline. Something I told you:
volcanoes
and
shakings.
Thank you, Father,
that we received on
the news that they've been
busted and brought to justice all around
this nation.
Father, I thank
You for our FBI. They'll find
them. We call them and the rat to slip up
in
Jesus'name.
It all started with Oral
Roberts
saying what he said.
Major shakings are
coming.
I feel released to stop now.
Glory to God. Thank you for praying with
me, all 6,400 of you. We thank you
for joining us tonight. 6,400 is great.
We're so grateful for all of
you coming out and praying so
late.
We'll pray again. We have a lot more
work to do. I'll pray and ask the Father
to show me how I can communicate
what I saw. It's even
concerning the Super Bowl
and
major events.
It's perfecting something.
These people are trying to think on a
different level with AI technology.
This isn't your modern-day, like what we
had with 9/11 kind of people anymore.
This is a different breed.
Isn't it amazing how
many things the Lord shows us on these
prayer calls?
He keeps giving us things so we
can pray, and we're family. I'm
just so thankful for every single one of
you that support us and are part of
our prayer team. Do you feel in
your heart we made great
strides
tonight? But there's a lot
more to this. The Lord showed me a lot
tonight.
This level of evil
and
what they're trying to do to
America—they
are very
organized,
very
well-funded,
and
they have a lot of patience.
It's
an
opportune thing, wanting to do it all at
the same time. It's interesting to
me to bring so much fear and
turmoil within our nation that it
makes it where you don't want to go
do things.
You question your freedom that you take
for granted every single day. You know,
like, 'Is it safe?'That's what they
want.
As I say, we keep praying over
this. So I believe God has given us
power and authority. I think the
first part of it was my favorite, what he
said about Oral Roberts and that
something major is about to happen.
Then it's amazing that he went from that
to terrorist attacks and all that. I
was thinking, 'Well, this is going all over
the place tonight.'But
the Oral
Roberts thing at the
beginning—I
felt fire in my
stomach stirring up so much whenever he
was talking to me about it. I
saw his face and he said, 'Go back to
that.'It
was interesting even now when the
Lord was warning me. So that's the end
of the prayer part, but I'm going to
talk a little bit because now you
can say, 'Well, you got to pray with
me.'The
Lord said He wanted
the people to pray.
I'll tell you what
I want to say now. If you want to
leave, go to bed. I'm not
ending it just because
a couple of people want to
complain. I want to
tell you what I saw about Oral
Roberts and what the Lord showed us
tonight about this. I saw that there's
something coming,
and it's
revolving around the three
I-Atlas.
It's connected.
Whatever this is is connected.
And the Lord said, 'We're about to see
something
that's
going to freak people
out.'I
saw the fire. I saw
what he said was a shaking—it's going to be a
call to wake up everybody. What we're
about to see in the heavens is a shaking
in the heavens.
It's going to be like
blood and fire, and it's so loud.
This is a major event
that's about to take place. Then we have
the terrorist things. The underground of all
this
is
very—in
the natural, I had to say your
flesh could get a little spooky
because these people are not normal
thinkers; they're terrorists,
they're trained militants.
We pray over our nation that
we have good men and
women protecting and
watching over us. Thank God for them.
I pray for their eyes to be opened
so
they're able to see what they need
to see concerning the TSA and
the
FAA.
We pray
over that. What is the TSA?
It's airport
security.
We're not talking about the radar;
I'm talking about the people who check
the bags.
We need the government shutdown to end
now.
These RINOs like Schumer and
Pelosi—I'm
telling you, we need
this done before Thanksgiving.
They don't realize—or they do realize and they
don't care. They're full of the devil.
We're going to take care of
this in the spirit realm. We've got
several weeks left to pray over this:
praying over New Year's Eve,
the Rockefeller
tree
ceremony, and that area
in
New York.
It
was interesting; I saw all the people
with black outfits on, and they were
throwing Molotov cocktails and
burning the city. I'm like, 'Who
are these people? Why
are they doing this?'But I saw them and
I saw the NYPD and the firefighters
trying to put out the fires,
riot control and stuff. Then the
Lord showed us
four major trails—I call them
trails—and
they were
trafficking
in underground things. Trafficking in
Las Vegas,
major trafficking
in Los Angeles,
trafficking young girls and
children. The Lord showed us
this and it was demonic, but it
was all attached,
all funded.
It's the money and the source of the money.
I saw the mafia,
I saw gangs, I saw countries, but
it was all connected. It's an inward
networking—not
network
marketing—networking
with all of them together. They're all
kind of—it's almost like all kind
of crime floats
together. Rats like rats.
It's like when you see a druggie,
usually you see another druggie. They
all hang out with each other.
Alcoholics all hang out with each other. If you have people with perversion, they hang out with each other. You know, the spirits are attracted to each other. They say the laws of attraction; they all kind of just flow with each other. Isn't that amazing? So, how do you find that out? I heard from a friend of a friend. It's crazy how they all hang out with
each other.
And the
underground cities—I see towns, and I
saw these people like
those
in
the
subways,
but it's organized and it isn't
junk
inside of there. We're
talking about something like an apartment complex.
This is stuff that could
sustain life.
Most people say it would be like
bunkers, but it's not bunkers; it's
organized crime.
When I get done with these, it makes you
tired
because I see so
much and it pulls on me. You see the
crime and you're thinking, 'My goodness,
Lord, help
us,'with
all these people and all these
cities. Boston was a hot spot
tonight—Boston,
Philadelphia, Chicago,
Seattle,
and Miami. And I saw many
uprisings.
I'm telling you all, we've got to
pray over our cities
because of ICE. Remember what
the Lord said: there will be an expansion
of ICE. ICE is going to really try
there. There will be a lot more
recruiting; it
will
grow. And out of
this, there will be more uprisings in
these communities with the illegals
rising. It's going
to get really intense; there are paid
demonstrators,
funded heavily for uprisings against ICE
and for illegal
immigration. There
will
be more of an uprising in ICE
for more recruits, and
there will
be an anti-protest
about it,
with
people acting out.
Praise the Lord. That's good
enough. It's over two hours. We
love y'all. We pray this blessed you. I
know it's kind of different,
even more different than last
night, but every night, you never know
where the Holy Spirit is going to lead
you. You just keep praying and we
do our job. We do it with all we've got.
This is what Diana and I do. We're so
thankful that you would be a part of us.
We have 6,200 who stuck around even to
the last, and so we love you all. Thank
you. If you could do us a favor:
like, subscribe, click the notification
bell, and tell your friends and family
about us. Tell them to come
pray with us. I believe many hands make
light work; the more we have praying together
over our nation, the more
we are
able. Prayer changes things, folks;
that's what we're called to do. I believe
the gift that God has put on me is
for an end-time prayer army.
He kept saying today, 'Raise up
the army, Brandon. Raise them
up.
Bring them forth. Pray them in.'A
one-million-man-and-woman
prayer army
throughout this world. I know we've
been praying a lot about America right
now, but I'm telling you, through this
season going into the first of the year,
it's major. We are praying over
our nation during this holiday
Christmas season, and
we pray over the other things
the Lord has for us, for South Korea and all
the other nations. Father, we thank you,
Lord, for protecting our brothers
and sisters in Africa, and that all
of the genocide stops now.
What do you say, son?
You want to do an altar call?
Oh, that's what they're asking.
All right. Well, let's do an altar call.
If there's anyone here who has never
accepted Jesus Christ as their Lord and
personal savior, if you're here tonight
and you're praying with us and you're
like, 'Brandon, I want to be a part
of that prayer army, but I'm not even
born again. I just feel a connection with
y'all. I'm lost. I'm hungry.
I'm wanting change in my life,
in my marriage,
and
in my household.
I'm battling
depression and anxiety. I've
got all this stuff going on. But
when I come here, I just feel peace, but
I don't know what that peace
is.'It's
my friend Jesus.
If you're here tonight, you may
have heard a lot about him, but do you
know him? But the bigger question
is: does he know you? Have you confessed
your sins to my friend today and said,
'Jesus, I need you. Please wash me.
Cleanse me from all unrighteousness. I
need a savior.'If you're here tonight
and you've never asked Jesus Christ to
be your Lord and personal savior, it's
never too late.
It's the greatest time right now
to ask Jesus Christ as your Lord and
personal savior.
Do you know my friend?
Do you know Jesus Christ? If you were to
die tonight in your sleep,
or
tomorrow on the way to work,
where would you spend eternity? There's
a heaven to gain and a hell to shun; do
you know my friend Jesus?
I want you to ask yourself that right
now. And does he know you?
The very shoes you put on today to go to
work, the undertaker might be taking
them off tonight.
Or I could be talking to the person who
is
backsliding. You say, 'I
used to be on fire for Jesus. I used to
have a heart after the Lord, but
the church wounded me. I got
a bad
taste in my mouth from a bad pastor.
Something
happened and I stopped going.
I got offended. And by the time I
got offended, I started going back
into what I used to be into. I got
into drugs again and the bad
crowds. I started hanging around the bad
people. And just as a matter
of time, I'm back into what I
used to be. What I got saved from in the
beginning, I turned back to it like a
dog to its
vomit.'But
tonight, Brandon,
I want to make a fresh start.
I just want to come back like the
prodigal
son or the prodigal daughter. I
want to come back to Jesus tonight.
Do you think God would want me back? Do
you think he would ever accept me back?
I turned back to my old ways and
I just disappointed him, and I feel the
enemy saying, 'Well, you're too far gone
this time. He won't accept
you.'You
know he's a liar.
Everything he says is a lie. Never
believe what the devil says. He can't
tell the truth; he's the father of lies.
So the moment he says you can't come
back and you're too far gone, you know
he's
lying.
The Bible says if you confess your sins,
he is faithful and just to forgive you
of your sins and cleanse you of all
unrighteousness. It doesn't matter what
it is;
there's no sin too big for God to
forgive.
Remember that. You may have done something
really bad, something you don't even want to
tell anybody about.
But the moment
you confess it to the Father and say,
'God, I ask you to forgive
me,'he
is faithful and just to forgive it.
I know that might be mind-blowing. You
go, 'I don't even know how he
could do that.'But that's what he said,
and I trust it. No matter how big or how
bad it may be, God is faithful and just
to forgive us. So, I want you tonight to
run back to Jesus. And the moment you
confess your sins is not when Jesus
found out about it; it's the moment you
got rid of it.
The Bible says it's appointed unto man
once to die, and after that the judgment.
So, I'm asking you tonight: do you know
my friend?
And I want you to repeat this prayer
after me. But even more, I want you to
become bold about your decision. And I
want you to tell us in the comment
section right there down
below: 'I want to be saved,'or 'I'm
coming back to Jesus. Tonight's my
night. I'm selling out to Jesus again.
I'm running to the Father tonight. I'm
running with my arms wide open saying,
"Jesus, I'm here. Would you please
accept me back?"'He's never turned his
back on you. You turned your back on
him. Remember that. The moment you
made your decision, he's there. He's an
ever-present help in a time of need. He
never left you. He's always been
waiting at your door. He's at the door
right now, knocking on your heart. He's
always there. The moment you say
'Jesus,'he's
there.
He's a gentleman, though. You know
what's amazing about Jesus? He's a
gentleman. He never forces his way in
anywhere.
He's always waiting and asking,
'Will you let me in?
I'll fix your mess. I'll fix
it.'But
he's never going to force his way in.
Never.
The
devil comes immediately
like a flood. He's like, 'I'm
going to come in. I'm going to take
over your life and destroy you to kill,
steal, and destroy.'But Jesus is a
gentleman, and he's like, 'I'm just
waiting for you to let me
in.'So
tonight, he's at your door and he's
knocking on the door of your heart.
Will you let me in again? Will you
let me turn your mess into a message?
Will you let me turn those days of
sorrow and the days of hell that you've
been through? Can I turn it into joy
unspeakable and full of glory?
Let me fill your cup with my goodness
and mercy. His goodness and his
mercy follow you all the days of your
life. I believe that tonight is a night
of a fresh start for you. So I'm going
to pray a prayer, and if you
comment below, it shows
if Jesus died for you publicly; you
can
be public in a comment section.
Don't let the devil talk you out of it.
Don't run anymore. Tonight's your night
to yield and say, 'Jesus, I'm coming
home.'So
I'm going to say a prayer,
and I want you to say it with me.
It's just a simple prayer; a
five-year-old child could say it.
Say, 'Jesus,
I believe you're the Son of God. I
believe that you died for me and you
rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a savior.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins. I
ran away from you. I've turned my back
on you, but tonight I'm running to you
with my arms wide open. And I thank you
that you accept me back and you
forgive me for what I did. I've messed
up big and I need you. And I thank you
that you said that you're an ever-present
help in a time of need. And
you've never left me and you've
never forsaken me. Lo, unto the end of
the earth, you said you'd be with me
always. But Father, I turned my back on
you and I want you to
forgive me for being dumb in what I did.
From this day forward, Lord, I sell out
to you. From this day forward, Lord,
I turn my back on the world. I turn my
back on the devil. And from this day
forward, I serve you with all my heart.
Jesus, I'm selling out to you today. And
I thank you, Lord, that you've forgiven
me. Father, I thank you, Lord, that my
name is written in the Lamb's Book of
Life.
I thank you, Lord, that as of this day
forward, my name is written in the
Lamb's Book of Life.
I love you, Lord, and I thank you, Lord,
that everything's made right with us.
We're cool again. Fist
bump. We're cool again. Give me a
hug. You know, that's the kind of God we
serve: a good and
just God. He's a loving God.
And we say in Jesus'name,
amen.'Well,
if that was you and you just said
that prayer with us,
welcome to the family. We're
excited you're here. We're excited you
stuck around. We're excited you prayed
that prayer tonight.
Now, if you need a Bible, we want to
celebrate your decision and your
acceptance of
Jesus Christ. If you need
a Bible for the first time, you can
email us.
Go ahead, babe;
I'll butcher it.
Yeah, we're just celebrating with
you. If you want a Bible, we'll
send you one from Amazon. So if you
just want to email us, our email is
in the description. Put in the title,
'I just got
saved.'So
if you look in the
description below, you'll find our email
address, and in the title, if you just put
'I just got saved,'and then in the
description, just put 'I need a
Bible'and
your name and address, we
will get one to you through Amazon. So
we're so excited for you. God bless you.
It's a great day. All of heaven
is rejoicing,
and we're rejoicing with you.
Yes,
I'm so glad we did it. We had 42
salvations. We had
40-some
last night and 42 tonight.
And so I believe even through the next
day or so, we'll have well over a
hundred. But we had so many
people get born again last night. And
it was amazing, wasn't it, babe?
That was amazing. Even after the
broadcast was over, we had so
many people giving their heart to
Jesus Christ watching the replay. And so
we give all the glory to Jesus. We give
all of the glory to Jesus
and tell of his love, his wonderful
love. We give all of the glory to Jesus
and tell of his wonderful love. He's
such a good God. We love you all. Like I
said, could you please like, subscribe,
click the notification bell? Help us.
We're believing for a million-man
and woman
prayer army, all to the glory of
God. And that's what we
keep believing for. We're just
stretching. We're
believing to end this year with over
600,000 subscribers.
By the end of 2025, to have over
600,000, and then we'll have 400,000
for 2026. We're believing for that.
Maybe I'm believing too small, but I'm
just believing for that's where I'm at
right now:
a mighty prayer army.
So
we love you all. Remember, put a smile
on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you, and we'll see you again
soon. Bye-bye.